README.md, before:

# Cinema Booking
##### Web service to order/rent tickets in a cinema

## NPM and MongoDB installation/configuration

Before cloning this repository, you need to have Node.js and NPM installed, here are some snippets:

* Please check out this **[link](https://nodejs.org/en/)** to install **Node.js** and **NPM**.
* To install and configure MongoDB, check out its **[official documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/)** (please note that to properly run MongoDB and access Mongo Shell - you need to configure MongoDB to run as a system service).

## Cloning the repository

Make sure you have the git utility installed on your computer. Check out **[this](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)** article on how to set it up.

Here are the steps on how to clone and configure the repository:

* Cloning repository:

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/B0ySetsF1re/Cinema_Booking.git
  ```
* Installing dependencies

  ```bash
  npm install
  ```
* Running the web app

  ```bash
  node app.js
  ```
You can also use **[nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)** package, so that you wouldn't need to manually restart the server each time you apply some changes.

* If you would like to install additional package/dependency for the app, you can do it as following:

  ```bash
  npm install <package_name> --save
  ```

## Finally

If you're under Windows, then **git** utility should allow you to run node and npm from it's shell, so give it a try. :)

Commit message:

updated "README.md" with instructions on how to obtain first account with admin role

README.md, after:

# Cinema Booking
##### Web service to order/rent tickets in a cinema

## NPM and MongoDB installation/configuration

Before cloning this repository, you need to have Node.js and NPM installed, here are some snippets:

* Please check out this **[link](https://nodejs.org/en/)** to install **Node.js** and **NPM**.
* To install and configure MongoDB, check out its **[official documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/)** (please note that to properly run MongoDB and access Mongo Shell - you need to configure MongoDB to run as a system service).

## Cloning the repository

Make sure you have the git utility installed on your computer. Check out **[this](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)** article on how to set it up.

Here are the steps on how to clone and configure the repository:

* Cloning repository:

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/B0ySetsF1re/Cinema_Booking.git
  ```
* Installing dependencies

  ```bash
  npm install
  ```
* Running the web app

  ```bash
  node app.js
  ```
You can also use **[nodemon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon)** package, so that you wouldn't need to manually restart the server each time you apply some changes.

* If you would like to install additional package/dependency for the app, you can do it as following:

  ```bash
  npm install <package_name> --save
  ```

## How to get Admin role?
As of now there is no way to obtain this role via UI ***(the dashboard actually has the web form allowing to register a user with any preferred role, however you already need to have Admin or Manager role to at least get into the dashboard).*** In order to get Admin/Manager role, you have to find the ```/users/dashboard/users-management``` route, the code of which is located here: ```./routes/users.js```. Here is the example:

```javascript
router.get('/dashboard/users-management', [userController.ensureAuthenticated, userController.isManagerOrAdmin], function(req, res) {
  res.render('dashboard_users', {
    title: 'Dashboard - Users'
  });
});
```

Here you should look for ``` [userController.ensureAuthenticated, userController.isManagerOrAdmin]```. Those are callbacks being put into the array, you can comment it with ```/* */```, which then allow you to enter the dashboard's user section and create a user with preferred role with the web form mentioned before.

In the near future there will be rule for all dashboard routes, which will check the authentication and the role of a user.

## Finally

If you're under Windows, then **git** utility should allow you to run node and npm from its shell, so give it a try. :)
